updating readme docs (#166)
xmidt-org/caduceus: README.md

# caduceus

> (pronounced "kuh-doo-see-uhs")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(pronounced "kuh-doo-see-us")
```

[![Apache V2 License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20V2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/xmidt-org/caduceus/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/xmidt-org/caduceus.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)

## Summary
The [XMiDT](https://xmidt.io/) server for delivering events from talaria to the
registered consumer. Refer the [overview docs](https://xmidt.io/docs/introduction/overview/)
for more information on how caduceus fits into the overall picture.

## Details
Caduceus has one function: to deliver events to a consumer.

> To enable this caduceus has three endpoints: 1) receive events, 2) register webhooks,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this, caduceus has three endpoints: 1) receive events, 2) register webhooks,
```

and 3) get webhooks.

#### Notify - `api/v3/notify` endpoint
The notify endpoint will accept a `msgpack` encoding of a [WRP Messages](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol).

> If a webhook is registered and matches the device regex and event regex the event

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a webhook is registered and matches the device regex and event regex, the event
```

> will be sent to the corresponding url. To register a webhook refer to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will be sent to the webhook's registered url. To register a webhook, refer to
```

> the [webhook registration section](#notify)

Reviewer: Fairly certain this doesn't go anywhere?

#### Webhook - `/hook` endpoint

> To register a webhook, the consumer must send an http POST request to caduceus

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register a webhook and get events, the consumer must send an http POST request to caduceus
```

> including the http url for receiving the events and a list of regex filters to get events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that includes the http url for receiving the events and a list of regex filters.
```

> The following is an example request. Note: this is not a valid json since I added comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is an example request. Note: this is not a valid json because of the added comments.
```

```
{
  "config" : {
    # The url to push events to.
    "url" : "http://localhost:8080/webhook",

    # The content type event.
    # (Optional) defaults to msgpack.
    "content_type" : "application/json",

    # The secret used for SHA1 HMAC.
    # Used to validate the received payload.
    # (Optional) defaults to no sha1 hmac.
    "secret" : "secret",

    # On failure how many times to retry the url for the event.
    # (Optional) defaults to the configured value on the server
    "max_retry_count": 3,

    # Alternative urls to send requests too. A list of server urls to use in
    # round robin for sending events.
    # (Optional) defaults to no alternative urls.
    "alt_urls" : [
      "http://localhost:8080/webhook"
    ]
  },

  # The URL to notify when we cut off a client due to overflow.
  # (Optional) defaults no notification of error.
  "failure_url" : "http://localhost:8080/webhook-failure",

  # The list of regular expressions to match event type against.
  "events" : [

>     ".*"

Reviewer: I don't think we want to encourage anyone to register for all events? Especially if they take this and use it for anything in production...should we add some kind of warning?

  ],

  # matcher type contains values to match against the metadata.
  # currently only device_id is supported.
  # (Optional) defaults to all devices.
  "matcher" : {
    "device_id": [
      ".*"
    ]
  }
}
```

#### Get Webhooks - `/hooks` endpoint

> To speed up caduceus start up time and testing the registration of webhooks the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To speed up caduceus start up time and test the registration of webhooks, the
```

> `/hooks` endpoint was created. This is a simple `GET` requests which will return

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`/hooks` endpoint was created. This is a simple `GET` request which will return
```

[![Apache V2 License](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-Apache%20V2-blue.svg)](https://github.com/xmidt-org/caduceus/blob/master/LICENSE)
[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/xmidt-org/caduceus.svg)](CHANGELOG.md)

## Summary
The [XMiDT](https://xmidt.io/) server for delivering events from talaria to the
registered consumer. Refer the [overview docs](https://xmidt.io/docs/introduction/overview/)
for more information on how caduceus fits into the overall picture.

## Details
Caduceus has one function: to deliver events to a consumer.
To enable this, caduceus has three endpoints: 1) receive events, 2) register webhooks,
and 3) get webhooks.

#### Notify - `api/v3/notify` endpoint

> The notify endpoint will accept a `msgpack` encoding of a [WRP Messages](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The notify endpoint will accept a `msgpack` encoding of a [WRP Message](https://github.com/xmidt-org/wrp-c/wiki/Web-Routing-Protocol).
```

* `make test`: runs unit tests with coverage for caduceus
* `make clean`: deletes previously-built binaries and object files

### Docker

The docker image can be built either with the Makefile or by running a docker
command.  Either option requires first getting the source code.

See [Makefile](#Makefile) on specifics of how to build the image that way.

For running a command, either you can run `docker build` after getting all
dependencies, or make the command fetch the dependencies.  If you don't want to
get the dependencies, run the following command:
```bash
docker build -t caduceus:local -f deploy/Dockerfile .
```
If you want to get the dependencies then build, run the following commands:
```bash
GO111MODULE=on go mod vendor
docker build -t caduceus:local -f deploy/Dockerfile.local .
```

For either command, if you want the tag to be a version instead of `local`,
then replace `local` in the `docker build` command.

### Kubernetes

WIP. TODO: add info

## Deploy

For deploying a XMiDT cluster refer to [getting started](https://xmidt.io/docs/operating/getting_started/).

For running locally, ensure you have the binary [built](#Source).  If it's in
your `GOPATH`, run:
```

> caduceus

Reviewer: These are wrong...
